docs: fix typo in `splitChunks` docs (#1979)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/docs/5.configuration-glossary/2.configuration-build.md

  }
  ```

> It split codes for `layout`, `pages` and `commons` (common libs: vue|vue-loader|vue-router|vuex...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not to create separate chunks for `layout`, `pages` and `commons` (common libs: vue|vue-loader|vue-router|vuex...). For more information, see [webpack docs](https://v4.webpack.js.org/plugins/split-chunks-plugin/#optimizationsplitchunks).
```
